Updated OCM-role requirements throughout the ROSA docs (#107845)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_install_access_delete_clusters/rosa_getting_started_iam/rosa-creating-cluster.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> After you set up your environment and install {product-title}, create a cluster. Alternatively, you can create a {product-title} cluster with AWS PrivateLink.

Reviewer: Optional: 

Usually, when we give an alternative method or step, we give some "benefit" to why users would go the alternative route. Something, like: 

```suggestion
After you set up your environment and install {product-title}, create a cluster. For additional security, you can create a {product-title} cluster with AWS PrivateLink instead.
```
